app/open-call/2019-volumetric-residency/index.markdown, before:

---
layout     : post-special
title	   : "New Trajectories in Volumetric Filmmaking: Open Call"
bodyclass  : no-header-image
description: Open Call for a Volumetric Filmmaking residency, hosted by ThoughtWorks Arts and Scatter in New York City
image      : /images/posts-special/open-call/2019-volumetric-residency/og_volumetric.jpg
---
Residency Dates: June 10 - September 27, 2019

ThoughtWorks, a global software consultancy with an arts residency based in New York City is partnering with [Scatter](http://scatter.nyc/) and their groundbreaking volumetric video software [Depthkit](https://www.depthkit.tv) to offer a funded artist residency focusing on volumetric filmmaking technology.

{% include image.html file='volumetric-workshop.jpg' %}

Volumetric film has made great strides in recent years, gaining mainstream attention in virtual and mixed reality, music videos, telepresence and other areas. We seek artists to explore approaches around these new developments. This might include, but is not limited to:

<ul class="closer">
	<li>Interactivity</li>
	<li>Mixed reality</li>
	<li>Hyperreality</li>
	<li>Multi-user interaction</li>
	<li>Telepresence</li>
	<li>Live-streaming</li>
</ul>

The artist does not need to be an expert in volumetric filmmaking or programming, but it is helpful if they have some level of experience in the medium, and/or a network of consultants they can rely on.

Scatter, a Brooklyn-based creative company, produces immersive experiences while building the tools that empower creators of different backgrounds to create their own volumetric work. During the residency, Scatter will provide technical and creative support which could range from hands-on Depthkit training, to weekly check-ins or networking within the volumetric community.

## Logistics
ThoughtWorks Arts will provide a working space, facilitation in midtown Manhattan, and access to guides and consultants, as well as appropriate resources as the project progresses. It does not provide housing or work visas for the U.S., and is for the artist only. It does not include family members.

The residency dates run from June 10 to September 27, 2019, and artists should be available to work from ThoughtWorks in New York during this time. Individuals who need to apply for visas should be particularly sensitive to recent issues surrounding work visas for the U.S. and consult with authorities in their own country for assistance in crafting their applications to visit New York City.

This sixteen week residency comes with a stipend of $11,000. We are able to provide a letter of intent to any external funding agencies that might facilitate with the residency.

Applicants must submit a proposal using the form below before the application deadline of midnight, April 25 2019, Eastern Daylight Time. Your proposal should tell us who you are, what your project idea is, and how you plan to implement it. It should also include the skills and equipment you have, and the skills and equipment you will require to develop your project. We will contact applicants with final selection information by May 8, 2019.

<a href="https://forms.gle/T5ignb9zqudqFKKP8" class="attention">Apply now</a>

For any questions, please reach out to Paige King at this email address: [info@thoughtworksarts.io](mailto:info@thoughtworksarts.io).

Commit message:

Ends volumetric residency open call

app/open-call/2019-volumetric-residency/index.markdown, after:

---
layout     : post-special
title	   : "New Trajectories in Volumetric Filmmaking: Open Call"
bodyclass  : no-header-image
description: Open Call for a Volumetric Filmmaking residency, hosted by ThoughtWorks Arts and Scatter in New York City
image      : /images/posts-special/open-call/2019-volumetric-residency/og_volumetric.jpg
---
<p class="notice">Note: The deadline for this call has passed and submissions are no longer being accepted. Applicants will be contacted by email by May 8, 2019.</p>

Residency Dates: June 10 - September 27, 2019

ThoughtWorks, a global software consultancy with an arts residency based in New York City is partnering with [Scatter](http://scatter.nyc/) and their groundbreaking volumetric video software [Depthkit](https://www.depthkit.tv) to offer a funded artist residency focusing on volumetric filmmaking technology.

{% include image.html file='volumetric-workshop.jpg' %}

Volumetric film has made great strides in recent years, gaining mainstream attention in virtual and mixed reality, music videos, telepresence and other areas. We seek artists to explore approaches around these new developments. This might include, but is not limited to:

<ul class="closer">
	<li>Interactivity</li>
	<li>Mixed reality</li>
	<li>Hyperreality</li>
	<li>Multi-user interaction</li>
	<li>Telepresence</li>
	<li>Live-streaming</li>
</ul>

The artist does not need to be an expert in volumetric filmmaking or programming, but it is helpful if they have some level of experience in the medium, and/or a network of consultants they can rely on.

Scatter, a Brooklyn-based creative company, produces immersive experiences while building the tools that empower creators of different backgrounds to create their own volumetric work. During the residency, Scatter will provide technical and creative support which could range from hands-on Depthkit training, to weekly check-ins or networking within the volumetric community.

## Logistics
ThoughtWorks Arts will provide a working space, facilitation in midtown Manhattan, and access to guides and consultants, as well as appropriate resources as the project progresses. It does not provide housing or work visas for the U.S., and is for the artist only. It does not include family members.

The residency dates run from June 10 to September 27, 2019, and artists should be available to work from ThoughtWorks in New York during this time. Individuals who need to apply for visas should be particularly sensitive to recent issues surrounding work visas for the U.S. and consult with authorities in their own country for assistance in crafting their applications to visit New York City.

This sixteen week residency comes with a stipend of $11,000. We are able to provide a letter of intent to any external funding agencies that might facilitate with the residency.

Applicants must submit a proposal using the form below before the application deadline of midnight, April 25 2019, Eastern Daylight Time. Your proposal should tell us who you are, what your project idea is, and how you plan to implement it. It should also include the skills and equipment you have, and the skills and equipment you will require to develop your project. We will contact applicants with final selection information by May 8, 2019.

For any questions, please reach out to Paige King at this email address: [info@thoughtworksarts.io](mailto:info@thoughtworksarts.io).
