app/_personnel/cyborg-foundation.markdown, before:

---
name          : Cyborg Foundation
occupation    : Artist
participation : Resident
season        : Summer 2016

links:
 - icon    : "fa-globe"
   name    : "Website"
   display : "cyborgfoundation.com"
   url     : "http://cyborgfoundation.com/"

 - icon    : "fa-facebook"
   name    : "Facebook"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-twitter"
   name    : "Twitter"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-linkedin"
   name    : "LinkedIn"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-instagram"
   name    : "Instagram"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-soundcloud"
   name    : "SoundCloud"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-vimeo-square"
   name    : "Vimeo"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-tumblr"
   name    : "Tumblr"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-github"
   name    : "Github"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

---
The Cyborg Foundation exists to help humans become cyborgs, to promote the use of cybernetics as part of the human body and to defend cyborg rights. The foundation was created by Neil Harbisson and Moon Ribas, both artists who have augmented their bodies with permanent new sensory organs.

[Neil Harbisson](/bio/neil-harbisson/) is a Catalan-raised, British-born contemporary artist and cyborg activist best known for having an antenna implanted in his skull and for being officially recognized as a cyborg by a government.

The antenna allows him to perceive visible and invisible colors such as infrareds and ultraviolets via sound waves. During his residency, Neil created a prototype [time sense](/projects/time-sense/), which can be worn around the head.

[Moon Ribas](/bio/moon-ribas/) is a Catalan contemporary choreographer. In her recent work, Moon has been experimenting with cybernetic devices and developing the seismic sense, which allows her to perceive earthquakes in  real-time from around the world.

During her residency Moon developed a new version of the [seismic sense](/projects/seismic-sense/), giving her an even deeper personal relationship with the movement of the Earth.

Commit message:

Renders resident teaser info as a collection

app/_personnel/cyborg-foundation.markdown, after:

---
name          : Cyborg Foundation
occupation    : Artist
participation : Resident
season        : Summer 2016
teaser        :
   <p>The founders of the Cyborg Foundation are Neil Harbisson and Moon Ribas, both artists who have augmented their bodies with permanent new sensory organs.</p>
   <p>The mission of the Cyborg Foundation is to help humans become cyborgs, to promote the use of cybernetics as part of the human body and to defend cyborg rights. The foundation believes that some cybernetic extensions should be treated as body parts, not as devices.</p>

links:
 - icon    : "fa-globe"
   name    : "Website"
   display : "cyborgfoundation.com"
   url     : "http://cyborgfoundation.com/"

 - icon    : "fa-facebook"
   name    : "Facebook"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-twitter"
   name    : "Twitter"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-linkedin"
   name    : "LinkedIn"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-instagram"
   name    : "Instagram"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-soundcloud"
   name    : "SoundCloud"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-vimeo-square"
   name    : "Vimeo"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-tumblr"
   name    : "Tumblr"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-github"
   name    : "Github"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

---
The Cyborg Foundation exists to help humans become cyborgs, to promote the use of cybernetics as part of the human body and to defend cyborg rights. The foundation was created by Neil Harbisson and Moon Ribas, both artists who have augmented their bodies with permanent new sensory organs.

[Neil Harbisson](/bio/neil-harbisson/) is a Catalan-raised, British-born contemporary artist and cyborg activist best known for having an antenna implanted in his skull and for being officially recognized as a cyborg by a government.

The antenna allows him to perceive visible and invisible colors such as infrareds and ultraviolets via sound waves. During his residency, Neil created a prototype [time sense](/projects/time-sense/), which can be worn around the head.

[Moon Ribas](/bio/moon-ribas/) is a Catalan contemporary choreographer. In her recent work, Moon has been experimenting with cybernetic devices and developing the seismic sense, which allows her to perceive earthquakes in  real-time from around the world.

During her residency Moon developed a new version of the [seismic sense](/projects/seismic-sense/), giving her an even deeper personal relationship with the movement of the Earth.
