app/_personnel/hannes-bend.markdown, before:

---
name          : Hannes Bend
occupation    : Artist
participation : Resident
season        : Winter 2017

links:
 - icon    : "fa-globe"
   name    : "Website"
   display : "deweyhagborg.com"
   url     : "http://deweyhagborg.com/"

 - icon    : "fa-facebook"
   name    : "Facebook"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-twitter"
   name    : "Twitter"
   display : "hdeweyh"
   url     : "https://twitter.com/hdeweyh"

 - icon    : "fa-linkedin"
   name    : "LinkedIn"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-instagram"
   name    : "Instagram"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-soundcloud"
   name    : "SoundCloud"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-vimeo-square"
   name    : "Vimeo"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-tumblr"
   name    : "Tumblr"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-github"
   name    : "Github"
   display : "hdeweyh"
   url     : "https://github.com/hdeweyh"

---
Heather Dewey-Hagborg is a transdisciplinary artist and educator who is interested in art as research and critical practice. Her controversial biopolitical art practice includes the project *Stranger Visions* in which she created portrait sculptures from analyses of genetic material (hair, cigarette butts, chewed up gum) collected in public places.

Heather has shown work internationally at events and venues including the World Economic Forum, Shenzhen Urbanism and Architecture Biennale, the New Museum, and PS1 MOMA. Her work has been widely discussed in the media, from the New York Times and the BBC to TED and Wired. She is an Assistant Professor of Art and Technology Studies at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and a 2016 Creative Capital award grantee in the area of Emerging Fields.

Heather has a PhD in Electronic Arts from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, a Masters degree from the Interactive Telecommunications Program at New York University, and a BA in Information Arts from Bennington College. She is currently and Assistant Professor of Art and technology Studies at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago.

Commit message:

Renders resident teaser info as a collection

app/_personnel/hannes-bend.markdown, after:

---
name          : Hannes Bend
occupation    : Artist
participation : Resident
season        : Winter 2017
teaser        :
   <p>Hannes Bend is an artist and lorem ipsum dolar sit amet, and has shown work internationally at venues including Ars Electronica.</p>
   <p>Her controversial biopolitical art practice includes the project <em>Stranger Visions</em> in which she created portrait sculptures from analyses of genetic material (hair, cigarette butts, chewed up gum) collected in public places.</p>

links:
 - icon    : "fa-globe"
   name    : "Website"
   display : "deweyhagborg.com"
   url     : "http://deweyhagborg.com/"

 - icon    : "fa-facebook"
   name    : "Facebook"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-twitter"
   name    : "Twitter"
   display : "hdeweyh"
   url     : "https://twitter.com/hdeweyh"

 - icon    : "fa-linkedin"
   name    : "LinkedIn"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-instagram"
   name    : "Instagram"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-soundcloud"
   name    : "SoundCloud"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-vimeo-square"
   name    : "Vimeo"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-tumblr"
   name    : "Tumblr"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-github"
   name    : "Github"
   display : "hdeweyh"
   url     : "https://github.com/hdeweyh"

---
Heather Dewey-Hagborg is a transdisciplinary artist and educator who is interested in art as research and critical practice. Her controversial biopolitical art practice includes the project *Stranger Visions* in which she created portrait sculptures from analyses of genetic material (hair, cigarette butts, chewed up gum) collected in public places.

Heather has shown work internationally at events and venues including the World Economic Forum, Shenzhen Urbanism and Architecture Biennale, the New Museum, and PS1 MOMA. Her work has been widely discussed in the media, from the New York Times and the BBC to TED and Wired. She is an Assistant Professor of Art and Technology Studies at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and a 2016 Creative Capital award grantee in the area of Emerging Fields.

Heather has a PhD in Electronic Arts from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, a Masters degree from the Interactive Telecommunications Program at New York University, and a BA in Information Arts from Bennington College. She is currently and Assistant Professor of Art and technology Studies at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago.
