---
title       : liminal
season      : Spring 2021

description : Video work exploring industrial robotics and human movement through the lens of choreography, in furtherance of the OUTPUT research project

image       : /images/projects/liminal/og.jpg

artist      : Catie Cuan

team :
  - name : Kira Davies
    role : Cinematographer
  - name : Kevin Barry
    role : Direction & Production
  - name : Sakura Tsuruta
    role : Musician
  - name : Cameron Scoggins
    role : Editor

extended-team :
  - name : Andrea Allen
    link : /bio/andrea-allen/
  - name : Felix Changoo
    link : /bio/felix-changoo/
  - name : Mark Parsons
    link : http://www.thatartist.com/
  - name : Gina Nikbin
  - name : Nour Sabs
  - name : Cole Belmont
  - name : Andrew McWilliams
    link : /bio/andrew-mcwilliams/
  - name : Ellen Pearlman
    link : /bio/ellen-pearlman/
---
*liminal* is a video work created by artist Catie Cuan as part of her ongoing [OUTPUT](/projects/output/) project, initiated by her Thoughtworks Arts residency.

{% include youtube id='G-Y6IM3v5_8' ratio='56'
   caption='video of *liminal*' %}

In her work, Catie illustrates the importance of movement in robots, especially as they become ubiquitous and incorporated into our everyday lives. The *liminal* piece captures the power of nuanced and transitional movements between Catie and a ABB IRB 6700, a 16 foot industrial robot at the [Consortium For Research and Robotics (CRR)](https://consortiumrr.com/) at the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, New York. 

In collaboration with director Kevin Barry and cinematographer Kira Davies, *liminal* was produced as a vignette on relational movement between human and robot. The rhythmic video elicits a unison connection between Catie and ABB IRB 6700, showing how the two familiarize and develop sequences together. The video's soundtrack, created by Sakura Tsuruta, beautifully reinforces the gestures and cadence of the performance.

CRR’s executive director Mark Parsons contributed to the video’s production, thematic content, and assisted on-site during the filming. 

{% include image file='catie-demonstrating-concat-software.jpg'
   caption='Catie demonstrating CONCAT software' %}

The video also demonstrates the success of CONCAT, software developed during Catie's residency project OUTPUT. The robot's motion that appears in both CONCAT and the *liminal* video was generated by moving the robot's joints individually with a trackpad and automatically using the Rhino software and inverse kinematics. Catie choreographed a sequence lasting several minutes for the robot and highlights of this sequence appear thorughout *liminal*.

{% include image file='catie-at-crr.jpg'
   caption='Catie working with a 15 foot industrial robot at The Consortium for Research and Robotics (CRR)' %}

The work was recently featured in a Forbes article on [arts, humanities and the future of work](https://www.forbes.com/sites/benjaminwolff/2021/04/06/the-arts-and-humanities-deliver-untapped-value-for-the-future-of-work/) and forms an important part of a Scientific American [article about choreorobotics](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/dancing-with-robots/) written by Catie.

> People immediately make conclusions about robots based on how they move. Making deliberate choices for robots' movements means bringing together the body, the environment, and other moving agents - that strikes me as a choreographic challenge.<br><span class='quotee'>— Catie Cuan</span>

## Credits
- Direction: Catie Cuan & Kevin Barry
- Performance: Catie Cuan & ABB IRB 6700
- Cinematography: Kevin Barry & Kira Davies
- Editing: Cameron Scoggins
- Music: Sakura Tsuruta
- Production: Thoughtworks Arts, Ellen Pearlman, Andy McWilliams, The Consortium for Research and Robotics (CRR) at the Pratt Institute, Mark Parsons
- Special Thanks: Cameron Scoggins, Andy Allen, Felix Changoo, Cole Belmont, Gina Nikbin, Nour Sabs