app/_people/andrew-mcwilliams.markdown, before:

---
name          : Andrew McWilliams
occupation    : Artist & Technologist
participation : Residency Director

links:
 - icon    : "fa-globe"
   name    : "Website"
   display : "jahya.net"
   url     : "https://jahya.net"

 - icon    : "fa-facebook"
   name    : "Facebook"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-twitter"
   name    : "Twitter"
   display : "jahyadotnet"
   url     : "https://twitter.com/jahyadotnet"

 - icon    : "fa-linkedin"
   name    : "LinkedIn"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-instagram"
   name    : "Instagram"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-soundcloud"
   name    : "SoundCloud"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-vimeo-square"
   name    : "Vimeo"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-tumblr"
   name    : "Tumblr"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-github"
   name    : "Github"
   display : "microcosm"
   url     : "https://github.com/microcosm"

---
Andrew McWilliams is a New York-based artist and technologist, and a founder and director of the ThoughtWorks Arts Residency program. He is a lead technical consultant for ThoughtWorks, specializing in innovation in technology and the arts. Andrew is also a founder and director of Art-A-Hack&trade;, and of Hardware Hack Lab.

Andrew has exhibited work at HarvestWorks Digital Art Center in New York, at the Currents New Media Festival, New Mexico, and at the AlphaVille Festival of Post-Digital Culture in London. He has been awarded residencies at the Contemporary Artist Center in Troy, at the the I-Park Foundation in Connecticut, and on the Jaaga Residency Program in Bangalore.

Since 2016, Andrew has been working on projects relating personal health to global climate change. In the installation *Emergency Room*, generative sequences of video media show images of environmental activism amid planetary impacts, surrounding a beeping ECG display.

Commit message:

Automates rendering of residency directors

app/_people/andrew-mcwilliams.markdown, after:

---
name          : Andrew McWilliams
occupation    : Artist & Technologist
participation : Residency Director
teaser        :
   <p>Andrew McWilliams is a New York-based artist, technologist and program director. He is Director of the ThoughtWorks Arts Residency and a Lead Consultant at ThoughtWorks. Andrew has exhibited work at HarvestWorks New York, Currents New Mexico, and AlphaVille Festival in London. He is Director of Art-A-Hack&trade; and the Hardware Hack Lab.</p>

links:
 - icon    : "fa-globe"
   name    : "Website"
   display : "jahya.net"
   url     : "https://jahya.net"

 - icon    : "fa-facebook"
   name    : "Facebook"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-twitter"
   name    : "Twitter"
   display : "jahyadotnet"
   url     : "https://twitter.com/jahyadotnet"

 - icon    : "fa-linkedin"
   name    : "LinkedIn"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-instagram"
   name    : "Instagram"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-soundcloud"
   name    : "SoundCloud"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-vimeo-square"
   name    : "Vimeo"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-tumblr"
   name    : "Tumblr"
   display : ""
   url     : ""

 - icon    : "fa-github"
   name    : "Github"
   display : "microcosm"
   url     : "https://github.com/microcosm"

---
Andrew McWilliams is a New York-based artist and technologist, and a founder and director of the ThoughtWorks Arts Residency program. He is a lead technical consultant for ThoughtWorks, specializing in innovation in technology and the arts. Andrew is also a founder and director of Art-A-Hack&trade;, and of Hardware Hack Lab.

Andrew has exhibited work at HarvestWorks Digital Art Center in New York, at the Currents New Media Festival, New Mexico, and at the AlphaVille Festival of Post-Digital Culture in London. He has been awarded residencies at the Contemporary Artist Center in Troy, at the the I-Park Foundation in Connecticut, and on the Jaaga Residency Program in Bangalore.

Since 2016, Andrew has been working on projects relating personal health to global climate change. In the installation *Emergency Room*, generative sequences of video media show images of environmental activism amid planetary impacts, surrounding a beeping ECG display.
